# 📁EXPLANATION OF THE FILES

## 📌Section 1: Original Corpus

🎵 **BlueGrass-Lyrics.zip**: the original song lyrics from https://www.bluegrasslyrics.com/

## 📌Section 2: Transformed Lyrics by LLM

🤖**BlueGrass-Transform-Claude.zip**: lyrics transformed by Claude following the prompt.

💎**BlueGrass-Transform-Gemini.zip**: lyrics transformed by Gemini following the prompt.

🦙**BlueGrass-Transform-Llama.zip**: lyrics transformed by Llama following the prompt.

🌬️**BlueGrass-Transform-Mistral.zip**: lyrics transformed by Mistral following the prompt.

🧠**BlueGrass-Transform-OpenAI.zip**: lyrics transformed by OpenAI following the prompt.

## 📌Section 3: Tokenizer and Reproducibility Files

🤖**BlueGrass-Transform-Tokenizer-Claude-trf-zip**: spaCy binaries to repeat the experiment with the same files.

💎**BlueGrass-Transform-Tokenizer-Gemini-trf-zip**: spaCy binaries to repeat the experiment with the same files.

🦙**BlueGrass-Transform-Tokenizer-Llama-trf-zip**: spaCy binaries to repeat the experiment with the same files.

🌬️**BlueGrass-Transform-Tokenizer-Mistral-trf-zip**: spaCy binaries to repeat the experiment with the same files.

🧠**BlueGrass-Transform-Tokenizer-OpenAI-trf-zip**: spaCy binaries to repeat the experiment with the same files.

## 📌Section 4: Merged Metrics

🤖**Merged\_metrics\_Claude.csv:** the values of the 14 measures for Claude. These are the outputs generated by spaCy and Python when calculating each of the indicators, and these files serve as the input for the statistical analysis carried out in R.

💎**Merged\_metrics\_Gemini.csv:** the values of the 14 measures for Gemini. These are the outputs generated by spaCy and Python when calculating each of the indicators, and these files serve as the input for the statistical analysis carried out in R.

🦙**Merged\_metrics\_Llama.csv:** the values of the 14 measures for Llama. These are the outputs generated by spaCy and Python when calculating each of the indicators, and these files serve as the input for the statistical analysis carried out in R.

🌬️**Merged\_metrics\_Mistral.csv:** the values of the 14 measures for Mistral. These are the outputs generated by spaCy and Python when calculating each of the indicators, and these files serve as the input for the statistical analysis carried out in R.

🧠**Merged\_metrics\_OpenAI.csv:** the values of the 14 measures for OpenAI. These are the outputs generated by spaCy and Python when calculating each of the indicators, and these files serve as the input for the statistical analysis carried out in R.

## 📌Section 5: R Programs

**TFM\_GLMM\_global.R**, **TFM\_PERMANOVA.R** and **TFM\_load\_data.R**

R programs to obtained the statistics results.

